# Peer Production Participation Project: Experience Report



## Introduction
Metabase is a very mature, open sourced, data visualization software that has been used by many users and run very well. When I chose this open source software, I was only interested in this software for its data visualization. Also, in my previous work and study, I used this software occasionally and got a very good user experience of it. But right now, I have to say, it was really hard for me to find ways to contribute into Metabase.
## Prior the contribution
On GitHub, I focused on issues section of Metabase at first and expected to contribute technical assistances for them. And then I opened every problem and tried to solve those issues with my own ability. However, in fact, these debug problems were a little out of time and totally beyond my knowledge, so I have no way to start with these technical problems, which really eliminated my motivation to some extent. When I felt that my ability was limited and I could not do anything for this mature software, my attitude towards it became negative. Therefore, in my experience and lesson, I could deeply feel how important personal motivation should be in peer production. Because in the open source world, there is no benefit or deadline to limit users, so any efforts made should according to own interests and goals must be supported by strong motivation. This is the first lesson I learned in this peer production participation experience.
## During the experience
In a discussion with one of my classmates, she suggested that I should find my own strengths to make contributions to Metabase. She advised that I could use the advantages of my mother language to write a Chinese introduction for Metabase. I thought this was an excellent idea and I was enjoyable to start the journey of translating to Chinese version introduction. I tried to translate README and Contribution Guide files which were written by English into Chinese according to the origin format and then uploaded it into pull request in markdown format. Although the results different from what I had expected in my first report, which expectation that I would like to contribute technical assistances to Metabase. However, after pulling request, I also felt that I had contributed for Metabase.
But the problem is, in the process, I forgot how importance of time management for this participation. After I sent the pull request, there needed some time to process and review.  Therefore, after a long time waiting, when I found out my pull request has been failed on the last day of class, I understood that is also the second lesson I have learned from this experience that arranging your contribution time properly can make the progress success. In the future peer production process, users should understand that the pull request cannot happened immediately. The process need time to review, test and accept. So now I will fix my problems and submit the pull request again.

## Summary
This is my peer production participation experience, which may be different from other students' experience, because their experience can help them really contribute their own strengths to the platform, they are interested in. However, my report still provided me a deeper understanding of what peer production is within my failed experience. Although it is not a successful case, of course, there also exist my own mistakes, but I also learn something from it, which can be regarded as finding gains from failure.